We're going to build a conference application that has a
registration object that we do some validation on.
We're going to show you how to build the controllers associated
with those and what that code looks like.
It's where it's handling all the errors for it and navigation.
We're going to solve complex problems using the Post/Redirect/Get
pattern and just show you basic internationalization throughout the
application. So things will be internationalized where it'll work in
either English or Spanish.
And you can add other languages to that resource bundle.
We'll also dive into how to handle the dependencies that are in there and show
you how to start your application using Spring Boot and move out of that into a
standard Java configuration using the Boot starter and then overriding things
through customizations inside of your app.
It really goes into all of the details without getting too
cumbersome in your project about how and what we should do and
what Spring will do for us by convention and what we want to override through configuration.